docs(api): add troubleshooting with typescript ECMA modules (#5361)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/api/cli.mdx

```bash
WEBPACK_PACKAGE=webpack-5 npx webpack
```

## Troubleshooting

### TypeError [ERR_UNKNOWN_FILE_EXTENSION]: Unknown file extension ".ts" for ./webpack.config.ts

> You might encounter this error in acnse of typescript ECMA modules (i.e. `type: "module"` in `package.json`).

Author: ```suggestion
You might encounter this error in the case of typescript ECMA modules (i.e. `type: "module"` in `package.json`).
```

> You might encounter this error in the case of typescript ECMA modules (i.e. `type: "module"` in `package.json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might encounter this error in the case of using native ESM in TypeScript (i.e. `type: "module"` in `package.json`).
```
Either use `ECMAScript modules` or `ESM`, I don't think `ECMA modules` is right.

> `webpack-cli` supports `commonjs` and `ES` format, at first it tries to load a configuration using `require()`, if it fails with an error code of `'ERR_REQUIRE_ESM'` (special code for this case) it tries to load the configuration using `import()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`webpack-cli` supports configuration in both `CommonJS` and `ESM` format, at first it tries to load a configuration using `require()`, once it fails with an error code of `'ERR_REQUIRE_ESM'` (a special code for this case) it would try to load the configuration using `import()`.
```

> But here are some problems, without `--loader=ts-node/esm` `import()` will not work with `ts-node` - need runtime hooks (described here [`TypeStrong/ts-node#1007`](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-node/issues/1007)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the `import()` method won't work with `ts-node` without [loader hooks](https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#esm_experimental_loaders) enabled (described at [`TypeStrong/ts-node#1007`](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-node/issues/1007)).
```

To fix the error above use the following command:

```bash

> NODE_OPTIONS="--loader ts-node/esm" npx webpack --entry ./index.js --mode production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NODE_OPTIONS="--loader ts-node/esm" npx webpack --entry ./src/index.js --mode production
```
